As soon as the scum have forced me into silence, they attack me more powerfully. I am screwed utterly either way.
I was dragged around town, after not showering for a couple of days (I am working at home on opensource programs at the moment), to be presented with people in close proximity from the other walks of life that I might interact with to prepare others for the interpretation of the following. I met with the potter June Gould, and with the guitarist from Joe Young, Greg. The thieves, I anticipate, are hoping to suggest that I am not looking after myself and that I am depressed.
The filthy thieving bastards are currently reducing the motility of my stomach by poisoning me at the luchtime drop in center with heroine. Its only in a small amount, but is sufficient to reduce the motility of my stomach. As I eat there, I immediately need to defecate, as the small amount of heroin or its chemical analogue relaxes the tone of my stomach. Because it is a small dose and administered orally, there is no immediate trauma cognitively and so there is no immediate addiction - there is no single outstanding feature of the environment that is fixed each time. What happens, though, is that when I leave the drop in center for any length of time, my stomach begins to experience pain, the pain, effectively, of withdrawal symptoms, since the only fixed feature of the environment each time, is the internal lining of the stomach.
This leaves me in a situation where I can be accused of experiencing stress like symptoms, when I leave and work at home on a computer program or similar as I have been doing for the last week. Further and worse, it means that I will eventually develop, due to the loss of muscular tone from the stomach lining, the slow motility of the segmentation (what I generally refer to as peristalsis) leaves the semi digested food spending too long in any one place and the chance of gangrene setting in increases, due to the co-existence of artificial hernia from stitches being used to arrest the contractions of the stomach lining when having been delibidinised.
We are told that the heart is the pump for the cardiovascular system, but it is, in actual fact, many different organs working together that pumps the blood around the cardiovascular system. One clears one's head by going for a walk for example. The mechanical action of walking serves to pump the blood, and aids in giving the heart some rest. When the demand on organs is less than 100 per cent of their maximum output, they have sufficient 'space' (redundancy) to repair. That 'space' is kept to a minimum by cognitive economy, neurally.
With the colonic motility reduced, the speed of the blood is lowered, and the diminished speed of passing of the fecal matter, and chyme leaves the blood 'dirtier' - stickier and more overloaded with fats, more viscous. The consequence after a week away from the drop in centre is dehydration that will be diagnosable as a kidney malfunction, and dialysis will be the recommended treatment. It is likely that a colostomy will be recommended for the full effect of humiliation. I will be left sucking my dinner through a straw, as the filth tear me a new arsehole.
I noticed this when a friend handed me a spliff. I haven't smoked for a good few years, but when I did, the heroin content in the cannabis took me over the edge, and I started experiencing muscular leg cramps the next day. We can hardly complain about the use of heroin in cannabis. We have, after all, a legally addictive drug, nicotine, which is used to addict people beyond their freewill. The tradition of using opium to guarantee a return on investment of traded goods, is as old as the hills.
In order to guarantee a return on the investment when trading, traditionally, a merchant would travel with the goods that might get stolen, damaged, or otherwise become unmerchantable during the long and arduous transit, and that might not sell when he arrived, and would take opium to guarantee that he could make a sale sufficient to guarantee his return passage.
In the context of cannabis, the practice has transferred, quite understandably, to the practice of cutting the cannabis hash, with heroin, or another opiate, in order to guarantee a return on what is a long and arduous, dangerous transit, made so by its illegality.
One can tell when cannabis is cut like this, by watching one's habits. Secondary associations increase due to the co-occurrence of the addictive substance. One might smoke more tobacco, for instance, when one's cannabis cut. However, one doesn't notice this, as tobacco is an addictive substance - it is no coincidence, since it has been bred that way purposefully, by one wing of the same thieves that are attacking us currently, but has been placed in the hands of the nanny state in South America, most likely as a tradeable commodity that will guarantee a sufficient return in all circumstances to allow the establishment of a large, organised economy, and the civilisation that accompanies it - the aztecs or the incas perhaps.
So, it is better to drink coffee at the same time, as many peoples around the world do. The chance of development of a secondary addiction is increased due to the caffeine in the coffee, and when drinks coffee at the same time as they smoke cannabis, if they start smoking some hashish that is cut with an opiate, then their coffee drinking increases. Emetically, one imagines, their stress increases at the same time, but if you are aware of the phenomenon, you can notice it happening, and are safer for it.
It would be far nicer, now that we live with certainly unarduous forms of transit for merchantable goods, if the merchants and manufacturers could benefit from a safe investment and a guaranteed return. Currently as they attempt to meet demand, they find themselves in situation where there is no protection for their goods, quite the opposite in fact. This means an unstable economy on their end, from which spies and other misanthropic forms of life such as politicians, appealing to the zealous Christians, in pursuit of justifications for the bribes they receive from weapons sales for instance, on the other end, here, actively pursue.
When those of you applaud the 'hard work' of the police, that force that allow organised criminals to torture and murder us in full public view, when the 'boys in blue' capture a huge consignment of cannabis, you are applauding the loss of a huge investment to many small producers, as well as all of the middle men. There is no insurance for these suppliers, and the form of economy that develops to support the logistical framework that is created by this stupidity, guarantees that small amounts are transported rather than bulk movements. This leaves the losses that might occur as smaller, but it also makes it far more difficult to police, as customs officers, whose role is to check the movement of goods for the sake of the health of the exchange mechanism, which is in place to drive our economies to situations of relative equity, rather than as some model of prescriptive abstinence, some dictation of our rights as individuals. With smaller amounts being transported, the price is pushed up - the free market economy manages itself, with regards to its self maintenance. If the prices didn't rise the cost of transport would make it impossible to occur, and some other product would take its place, or an entirely different form of transport would occur.
We as the recipients, would be encouraged to find a government that cares about our liberties when we wake up in the morning to a state that is not prescribing based upon some seemingly unjustifiable and ultimately unjustified desire, that finds the basis of its drive to occur as a prohibition in the religious training of Christianity, and other western 'traditions' in the form of Moses at the top of the mountain, with the party going on at its base, that were placed there deliberately, to guarantee that this situation would occur.
So, as we continue to be attacked by the thieves, who are using the middle men of the former aristocracy that have sloped into wealth and business as they wait for the return of the king, our lack of trust in the government continues to undermine our situation as a nation, along with the organised tax avoidance, and other measures to destroy us.
I am being attacked in the hospital by these filthy scumbags, and the individuals that they are using are most likely unaware of what they are doing. They have been placed in those situations that they are in, having been 'grown' to purpose, their backgrounds supporting one misdirectional interpretation or another. Laura Lee. And Hardily. Early Bevvie, English. Stewart, the HCA, places, as a photographer, a large picture by the photographer Enst Haas, Route 66, with a sign displaying 'conoco'. I fixed the piano that they placed in the room, that was there to act as a trigger for conditioning to stop me from typing (I was arriving early and using my laptop to write my book), now the conoco faces back for the ex-post facto accusation that I was inspired to write about my experiences with vigilantes over the last twenty years by the existence of the dubiously named 'Cheyenne O'Connor', either a made up name or a deliberate plant, grown with the name for the purpose.
Gavin Hendrix, the psychiatrist, has retired. But should I arrive in Britain, and make the complaint, when investigated by psychiatric staff or the police, all correspondence pertaining to him that arrives at their door spells the name 'Hendricks', and as my middle class, egalitarian instinct has commanded, I sit there playing the famous hendrix E7th on my guitar in many of my 'songs'. The e7th is balanced, tonally, on the purposefully designed instrument for the sake of guaranteeing its appeal to the stressed egalitarian for this very purpose.
Cheyenne, the indian name. Cheyenne O' Connor, after I was introduced to Sean O' Connor, the mad catholic vigilante type, or at least as is presented to me (when he's not wearing his glasses). Chink Honour, Shy Keenan. A shy keen 'un. We are being attacked by the baby-eaters, a traditional term for thieves using peadophilia to undermine and destroy us.
The thieves have the upper hand as I write this. They noted that I placed the description of using testosterone in conjunction with fluoxetine (prozac), along with licorice powder capsules, and in fact, most likely stimulated me to write it, in public view, and even to select the doing of it, since they started using the heroin at the drop in centre noticeably over 6 months ago.
As it happens, I stopped using the licorice powder within a few days, electing to stick with the fluoxetine and the testosterone. I don't think it would make much difference if I weren't being poisoned, but the deliberate poisoning is to guarantee that a story can be constructed to suggest the dangers of self prescription and the futility of finding a cure for the testosterone diminishment, as well as 'blackening the name' of what is the most likely cure for the issue. As the distal parts of the neural assembly that is the testosterone circuit are awoken simultaneously, the circuit begins to function again.
I am running low on testosterone gel, and am not allowed a repeat prescription without seeing the doctor again, who has received a letter from the Indian endocrinology specialist, Dr Alias, that states that I should not have the use of it, although Dr Alias, (for want of a better name), suggested that I shouldn't have 100 mg per day, but 50 mg was ok. Since I started taking the two things in combination, I have been working (on open source software) everyday without issue. I have been keeping my flat organised and tidy, etc etc. When there is sufficient free testosterone the individual has the resources necessary to have the spare attentional power to be able to organise their day and not become surrendered to depression and the lack of organisation inherent. The doctor that I am to see on Monday, has been on 'holiday' this week. I would estimate that he has been being tortuously conditioned to the point of possession in preparation for our interview.
Without the testosterone, I am unable to organise my daily routine, unable to motivate myself to the same degree, and risk a greatly increased chance of a lowered immune system function. Each and every time I have been for a blood test at the two surgeries that I have attended, I have been poisoned in advance to falsify the results.
The scum are using the delibidinisation of their victims for a variety of reasons. Once delibidinised, the individual loses cardiovascular tension, and their 'attention' 'floats'. I italicize the word attention as it must be known, or at least have been known in our recent history that the source of good attention is good cardiovascular tension - a tension. Once their attention floats, they look disingenuous because they cannot hold a fixed gaze, and that is when the scum start to attack with the slander, conditioning the friends to accept it. The victims become more susceptible to hypnosis, unless they are quite self conscious, and have an argumentative style of sotto voce reasoning, an internal socratic dialog of sorts. Then they are able to monitor and question their behaviour. That fact is the raison d'etre of the social mores of the Protestant upper classes, in our defence against the devil, the shitting hypnotist bastards.
Our society is increasingly delibidinised, with rising rates of mental health issues amongst school children and increasing rates of dyslexia along with other issues. All of these things are artefactual to the process of delibidinisation as the hypnotists work over our population.
I will drink plenty of mineral water, drinking no alcohol. I will use black or green tea as a diuretic to flush my system through, to aid my kidneys, which are overworked due to the low motility of my stomach. I will take syrup of figs, and sene tea, to maintain my stomach motility as well as prunes.
If I do not then I may well end up on dialysis, or there may be other long term consequences, such as motor neurone disease, such as that suffered by Gillian Gallichan, as the scum stole her land and inheritance, or Jenny Powell, the wife of Colin Powell, whose MS, is a consequence of the same process of delibinisation, ie testosterone reduction for the sake of hypnosis. Kate Le Texier, is wheel chair bound for the sake of her inheritance, and many many other Jerseymen and Jerseywomen have been negatively affected in similar ways.
Brtiain fell utterly, to the wogs, two hundred years ago, and you could be forgiven for imagining that it was the Catholics, the Roman Catholics and the Papacy etc. They are used as a smoke screen to misdirect attention from the opium using poisonous wog spies. The mob and the mafia are also smokescreens. The wars for Europe in the 19th century stimulated the production of the Mafias, and the mob are not disimilar, organised criminals occurring because of war, they are brigands whose ranks have been swelled by out of work spies after the fall of the iron curtain. In the case of the mob they have been meeting the needs of the market that has developed from the use of heroin as a painkiller in the second world war.
The wogs, western oriental gentlemen, ie Indians, have presented themselves as gentlemen for the sake of encouraging the them and us stereotype that has seen a divided Britain blow its brains out, the working classes turned against the upper and vice versa. Just about everywhere else throughout the world has lost its establishment guards at the same time throughout the 20th century, the economic circumstances being controlled to turn the observant families of the guards into academics before raping their children and poisoning them to death with heroin. The two world wars close together guarantees the emergence of the youth culture in order to flog them the heroin.
The use of doppelgangers continues, this time using the boss's daughter at VMW, who walks in holding child as I ask for a temperature sensor. She has changed her hair colour. She is the spitting image of a woman I knew whilst at University, and I first made her acquaintance at VMW, when I was massively affected by the process of the 'tantric' interrogation in 2009, when I went to get parts from my VW. At the time I was, in my room, describing how my mother had changed her hair colour when my brother was born from brown to blonde. At the time, in 2009, I was at that stage of adrenal release, where I was particularly romanticised and having been working at the autoshop the scumbags made the romantic association easily, to try and develop some sub conscious fetish. It was not the only person that they tried this with. As creepy as that can sound, it was simply to try and make the suggestion that vigilantism was the cause of the event later on, after I had purchased the temperature sensor. The counter storemen at VMW searched for the correct sensor, ultimately offering me two choices, one from an open pack and one from a closed, sealed bag. I gave him the vin number of the car, so it should not have been difficult to arrive at the correct choice, since the 1.8 engine is used by many different manufacturers of car, Audi, Seat, VW, and the sensor is famous from going wrong. I got home and plugged it in, a two minute job involving no tools other than a screwdriver. The idled like a bag of shit afterwards, to employ the technical term. The sensor has knocked the fuel trims off, as it was designed, in the bespoke sense, to do. This way I cannot afford to obtain the work to get it fixed, reducing the value of the car to virtually fuck all, and forcing me to ride my recently finished motorbike, which sounds like shotguns going off, just to make certain that I will further the associations that the scum have been trying to make in the minds of the general public, that I am mad and dangerously violent.
Yesterday evening, wound up by the loss of my car, and the sleep deprivation for the previous week, I sat down and watched the film magnolia. Watch it, I urge you. It is a great film, with a pace that almost doesn't stop, but as a film it is designed specifically for marks(con victims) in my situation. The film is designed to mimic the neural coordinates of a complex, which elicits a traumatic stress response - the child star, the dying man (Peter Giffard, whilst I worked for Frank Murphy and met Lawrence Mackay), the policemen who loses his gun, the toads (frogs) reigning from the sky. Designed that night to elicit, conditioned anger against the Portuguese, for the benefit of the listening neighbours, as the man who served me at VMW originates from Portugal. I did not lose my temper so badly as I am taking testosterone supplements and was therefore able to maintain a reasonable level of self control, ie despite shouting, I did not internalise the complex. Afterwards, my eyes ached around their edges.
There are a whole load of different attempts at any given moment, and unable to discuss them I am less safe, not more. We are being attacked by organised criminals that are using poisons. If we complain, we are then put in front of a psychiatrist who is trained to use leading questions to befuddle even himself in any process of analysis, or he doesn't get the job, before being given medications that reduce our capacity to look sane. In the meantime, as our intellectuals are stolen our land is stolen as our inheritances are stolen, with our children murdered and our parents turned against us as our childhood icons and our grandparents generation, the last generation of gentlefolk, being labelled as peadophiles as we are turned into illiterate thugs.
War soon, in the name of our defence, or we will be breathing our last as free men and women.